First Name: Eric
Last Name: Jones
Phone: 555-555-1212
Email: ericjonesmyemail@gmail.com
Office: esperance
Enquiry Details: Hi g2it.com.au Owner. this is Eric and I ran across g2it.com.au a few minutes ago.

Looks great… but now what?

By that I mean, when someone like me finds your website – either through Search or just bouncing around – what happens next?  Do you get a lot of leads from your site, or at least enough to make you happy?

Honestly, most business websites fall a bit short when it comes to generating paying customers. Studies show that 70% of a site’s visitors disappear and are gone forever after just a moment.

Here’s an idea…
 
How about making it really EASY for every visitor who shows up to get a personal phone call you as soon as they hit your site…
 
You can –
  
Web Visitors Into Leads is a software widget that’s works on your site, ready to capture any visitor’s Name, Email address and Phone Number.  It signals you the moment they let you know they’re interested – so that you can talk to that lead while they’re literally looking over your site.

CLICK HERE https://advanceleadgeneration.com to try out a Live Demo with Web Visitors Into Leads now to see exactly how it works.

You’ll be amazed - the difference between contacting someone within 5 minutes versus a half-hour or more later could increase your results 100-fold.

It gets even better… once you’ve captured their phone number, with our new SMS Text With Lead feature, you can automatically start a text (SMS) conversation.
  
That way, even if you don’t close a deal right away, you can follow up with text messages for new offers, content links, even just “how you doing?” notes to build a relationship.

Pretty sweet – AND effective.

CLICK HERE https://advanceleadgeneration.com to discover what Web Visitors Into Leads can do for your business.

You could be converting up to 100X more leads today!

Eric
PS: Web Visitors Into Leads offers a FREE 14 days trial – and it even includes International Long Distance Calling. 
You have customers waiting to talk with you right now… don’t keep them waiting. 
CLICK HERE https://advanceleadgeneration.com to try Web Visitors Into Leads now.

If you'd like to unsubscribe click here http://advanceleadgeneration.com/unsubscribe.aspx?d=g2it.com.au


