First Name: Eric
Last Name: Jones
Phone: 555-555-1212
Email: ericjonesmyemail@gmail.com
Office: esperance
Enquiry Details: Cool website!

My name’s Eric, and I just found your site - g2it.com.au - while surfing the net. You showed up at the top of the search results, so I checked you out. Looks like what you’re doing is pretty cool.
 
But if you don’t mind me asking – after someone like me stumbles across g2it.com.au, what usually happens?

Is your site generating leads for your business? 
 
I’m guessing some, but I also bet you’d like more… studies show that 7 out 10 who land on a site wind up leaving without a trace.

Not good.

Here’s a thought – what if there was an easy way for every visitor to “raise their hand” to get a phone call from you INSTANTLY… the second they hit your site and said, “call me now.”

You can –
  
Talk With Web Visitor is a software widget that’s works on your site, ready to capture any visitor’s Name, Email address and Phone Number.  It lets you know IMMEDIATELY – so that you can talk to that lead while they’re literally looking over your site.

CLICK HERE http://boostleadgeneration.com to try out a Live Demo with Talk With Web Visitor now to see exactly how it works.

Time is money when it comes to connecting with leads – the difference between contacting someone within 5 minutes versus 30 minutes later can be huge – like 100 times better!

That’s why we built out our new SMS Text With Lead feature… because once you’ve captured the visitor’s phone number, you can automatically start a text message (SMS) conversation.
  
Think about the possibilities – even if you don’t close a deal then and there, you can follow up with text messages for new offers, content links, even just “how you doing?” notes to build a relationship.

Wouldn’t that be cool?

CLICK HERE http://boostleadgeneration.com to discover what Talk With Web Visitor can do for your business.

You could be converting up to 100X more leads today!
Eric

PS: Talk With Web Visitor offers a FREE 14 days trial – and it even includes International Long Distance Calling. 
You have customers waiting to talk with you right now… don’t keep them waiting. 
CLICK HERE http://boostleadgeneration.com to try Talk With Web Visitor now.

If you'd like to unsubscribe click here http://boostleadgeneration.com/unsubscribe.aspx?d=g2it.com.au


